# SDK Release: Version 1.23050.2

## Feburary SDK Release
This is the second of the feburary releases of CodeFactory SDK updates.

### IVSActions has three new methods
This release has allowed easier access to project and support project file types to CSSource models.
The following threw new method were addeded to IVsActions
- **GetProjectFromSourceAsync** - Gets the project that hosts the CsSource model.
- **GetCSharpProjectFileFromSourceAsync** - Get the VsCSharpSource model from the CsSource model.
- **GetProjectFileFromSourceAsync** - Get the VsDocument model from the the CsSource model.

### Members now have two new methods
The CSMembers now have two additional helper methods to grant direct access to the syntax and to comment out a target member.
- **CommentOutSyntaxAsync** - Will comment out the code implementation.
- **GetMemberSyntaxAsync** - Will return the full raw source code syntax 
		
### Two new container types have been added
This release updates to support version 9 and 10 of the C# programming language. The record container types have been added.
- **Record Type** - Direct support to manage record type. 
- **Record Structure Type** - Direct support to manage record struct type.

### Property Model has been extended
To support the additon of **Record** types the property model has been extended to support the following.
- **HasInit** - Flag that determines if the init accessor was added to the property.
- **InitMethod** - Returns the implementation of the init method is there is a implementation. 

### IDotNetContainer Container Changes
The container interface has been split into two interfaces IDotNetContainer and IDotNetNestedContainers. The following changes have been implemented with the change.
- The nested functionality has been moved into the IDotNetNestedContainers interface
- the C# Interfaces and classes has been also split.
- The Class, Interface, and Structure classes now inherit the NestedContainers implementation. 
- The Record, and Record Structure types inherit from Container interface and implementation.

### CsSource Model has been extended
- **Records** - Records property has been added to track all records defined in the source code.
- **RecordStructures** - RecordStructures property has been added to track all records defined in the source code.
- **HostedInProject** - Property that stores a flag that determines if the source is hosted in a project.
- **ProjectName** - Property that stores the name of the project the source is hosted in, or null if not in a project.



