# CodeFactory for Visual Studio Runtime: Version 1.22320.0.1

## Overview 
This release of the runtime integrates SDK changes, fixes, and minor enhancements to the runtime extension itself.

## SDK Updates
Have implements all SDK updates in SDK release [1.22320.1](../sdk/1.22320.1.md)

## Fixes
The following model fixes were implemented as part of the runtime implementation.

### Field Model Fixes
Fixed issues with loading the correct symbol data to see the beginning to the end of the definition of a field.

### Event Model Fixes
Fixed issues with loading the correct symbol data to see the beginning to the end of the definition of a event.

### Enum Values Fixes
Fixed issues with loading the correct symbol data to see the beginning to the end of the definition of a Enumeration Value.

### Partial File Source Injection Fixes
Have fixes issues that have removed the requirement to specify which file is getting updated. CodeFactory now correctly updates the target file the model is defined in.

## Template Updates
We have streamlined the templates to remove redudant folder structures that were not being used according to customer feedback.

## Runtime Enhancements
The following updates where made to the CodeFactory Extensions menu on the main navigation bar.

### Added Getting Started to Extension
We have added a link to the getting started documentation hosted on the [docs](https://docs.codefactory.software) site.

### Added Guidance to Extension
We have added a link to the guidance documentation hosted on the [docs](https://docs.codefactory.software) site.

### Added Examples to Extension
We have added an examples project to the list of projects you can create from visual studio. This provides a complete end to end example of adding missing interface members.

### License Registration Updates
We have upgraded the licensing screens to provide version information and prompting when licenses have expired. 




